Ah hahaha yo
Chen Tianze, weren't you crazy just now?
10 billion not much
Why is the balance insufficient? I slapped you in the face on the spot.
Boy, did I win?
Come on, get on your knees and apologize
Hey beautiful woman come on
System what's going on
insufficient balance
The system has detected a large amount of this transaction
The probability of Muse not accepting is too high
So the transaction is ruled invalid
Unable to use funds
The host needs to get Muse to agree to a huge property first
To use the Muse Fund
Why didn't you say so earlier?
I almost got shot.
Xiaoya, can we discuss something?
What's the matter, brother Tianzi?
I'll buy this villa later
All hanging in front of you
Just do me a favor
But here's the thing.
Don't you have a real estate certificate now?
I have too many properties in my name
Then you need to put these houses temporarily
Flowers under the forehead
If you don't think so
I'll take another turn in the future, OK?
I see. I agree.
OK
There was something wrong with the card just now.
Please try again.
Chen Tianze
You've already lost the bet, do you still want to play us again?
Hurry up and kneel down to Mr. Li
Miss Zilong
This guy's been swaggering here
Hurry up and call the security to break his leg for me
Throw it out